docs: additions to nlu guides (#60)
spokestack/spokestack-website: content/docs/iOS/nlu.md

As mentioned in the [Getting Started](getting-started) guide, initializing the Spokestack NLU is like initializing the TTS component. Both a delegate callback interface and a publisher interface are provided. The call to `classify` is the same for either interface, but the result and `DispatchQueue` that the classification runs on are handled differently.

### Controller

> The controller initialization is straightforward--simply tell the `SpeechConfiguration` where the three required files are for the Spokestack NLU model you're using (here we assume that they're contained in the app's bundle with hardcoded names), and then initialize the controller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The controller initialization is straightforward--simply tell the `SpeechConfiguration` where to find the three files required for the Spokestack NLU model you're using (here we assume that they're contained in the app's bundle with hardcoded names), and then initialize the controller.
```

class NLU {
public let config = SpeechConfiguration()
config.nluVocabularyPath = Bundle(for: type(of: self)).path(forResource: "vocab", ofType: "txt")
config.nluModelPath = Bundle(for: type(of: self)).path(forResource: "nlu", ofType: "tflite")
config.nluModelMetadataPath = Bundle(for: type(of: self)).path(forResource: "nlu", ofType: "json")
public let nlu = try! NLUTensorflow(self, configuration: config)

> }

Reviewer: Suggest wrapping this in ` ```swift ... ``` ` markup. Difficult to do this in a github suggestion, as you can imagine.

The controller initialization is straightforward--simply tell the `SpeechConfiguration` where to find the three files required for the Spokestack NLU model you're using (here we assume that they're contained in the app's bundle with hardcoded names), and then initialize the controller.

```swift
class NLU {
    public let config = SpeechConfiguration()
    config.nluVocabularyPath = Bundle(for: type(of: self)).path(forResource: "vocab", ofType: "txt")
    config.nluModelPath = Bundle(for: type(of: self)).path(forResource: "nlu", ofType: "tflite")

>    config.nluModelMetadataPath = Bundle(for: type(of: self)).path(forResource: "nlu", ofType: "json")

Reviewer: Missed a space here
